Update prevent-end-user-interaction-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md (#5864)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/prevent-end-user-interaction-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md

With the setting set to **Enabled**:

> :::image type="content" source="../../media/wdav-headless-mode-off-1703.png" alt-text="Windows Security without the shield icon and virus and threat protection section":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::image type="content" source="../../media/wdav-headless-mode-off-1703.png" alt-text="Screenshot of Windows Security without the shield icon and virus and threat protection sections":::
```
